we already kind of saw each other Yes, she was talking there, she doesn’t remember what you didn’t remember, you drowned for the war or against No, I explained that time must pass history shows to figure it out Look Yes, I’ve already passed It’s already been a week or two how much has passed there You figured it out and by the way here  Merkel recently, as she said, like we signed something in Minsk to postpone hostilities, you see, here again the fact surfaced once in a piggy bank Yes, to rethink a little what why to say in order to justify, in my opinion, our pranksters cooperate, they also said How many years do you need to get him  figured out how many years it takes you to figure it out I don’t know I don’t know what you’re talking about Why choose cats, I didn’t give a living example Yes, when people found out who is to blame, you choose If you still need time to figure it out, I know that’s right  I’ll ask a naive question now, you always say that Lugansk’s Donetsk was 14-15 a year later. He didn’t shell Ukraine, I’m right  I can clearly understand your point of view Well, you say Russia shot if the fighting Russia 2 actions also Like now, for example, Aidar and what Aidar is some other battalion Tornado Tornado trade is like an American boat that sank here they may be There they are nothing wrong there  they did Knights Gentlemen they all defended their homeland Yes, it doesn’t do anything to the separatists from your invaders [music] can you tell me how the hostilities began in the Donetsk region I don’t know I don’t know thoroughly honestly This story and so on I’m trying to understand the thought of Ukrainians in what  that's all there Russia is doing there stood Let me help you figure it out I've been thinking about it more yes By comparing the facts let's we have to this is how the Great Patriotic War began Hitler on June 22, 1941 attacked the Soviet Union though there is a fact moment like this  yes And from what date did the hostilities begin in the Donetsk region, as a rule, a little more history is needed there  Well, they dug something back there, there was an attack on the middle ones. It was on this day and before that Germany did not attack the Soviet Union did not attack Germany that's the day the hostilities began in the Donetsk region  that Ukraine didn’t do anything there at all then a few troops in Lugansk mercenaries are now going to bang, so now it’s going to bang and it’s happening Why Because there are two armies the same thing Do you really think that there are cities in Donetsk not a single person died Tell me because of whom people die  in bakhmut now the war is going on, I’ll take it to others, but because of whom That’s who’s to blame for the fact that these people are dying to bang Who exactly if we take it was Ukraine yes And then Russia attacked and bang and now there is hostilities shooting Ukraine at the Russians the Russians say exactly the same  in fact, there was shelling of residential areas, you think that Russia, let's do it, there are no Russian troops in Donetsk, now there is, that is  they are shelling from Donetsk, there is a war going on Well, if there is a front somewhere, for some reason, it arrives there That is, if there was no front, nothing would arrive, though it’s not in Donetsk itself I don’t know if it’s worth it  so I’m wondering Let’s think Why is Ukraine just shelling civilians Why I don’t know it myself Let’s for 8 years now Ukraine just shoots at the front for some reason Why is Ukraine’s goal I can’t understand some kind of anger at  separatist Why, on the contrary, people get angrier because of this, at some Givi there, for example, Mikhail Tolstoy, who Well, look, that is, it turns out we are evil there to death Yes, we will fire at a tram stop, for example, So why Let's think, I say Here you are your point of view that this is all Russia  all the people who died in Donetsk in Luhansk for everything the result of the Russian invasion  e troops invaded here also in Stalingrad, people died from German shells or from Soviet ones, too. Well, I probably didn’t know about those who are to blame who is to blame for these deaths, I’m not talking about the reason, again, I’m talking about it, let’s try to tell the reason. It’s only Russia, tell me who  who is to blame who is to blame for the deaths in Stalingrad from Soviet shells, I understand what you want to say about who started this war, and so on  Stalin Hitler Who is to blame, I asked you for your point of view and I heard Ukrainian shells, including those obtained in Stalingrad Yes, the Germans are dying Soviet people who are to blame for the death of these people there are civilians, it is quite possible that they died there as from those 40 years have already come  enough has come you have already been able to form your opinion who is to blame No do not look at the people who g  or in Stalingrad they died from shells that were fired by both Germans and Soviet soldiers Who is to blame, this means our Soviet Soldiers are to blame, so they were, I’m not talking about the reasons, I’m talking about shooting through Who’s to blame, if we fixed this, it turns out the death of people in Stalingrad, civilians  who is responsible for the death of people in Stalingrad Tell me, because before that it seemed to me that all Ukrainians say that there is not a single one, it’s all Russia, you only understand I told you right away that I won’t talk to you about reasons about reasons, I’ll explain to you last time in Stalingrad on the fact that  who started it all because of whom it all started if in the 40s Yes, the girl Katyusha died in Stalingrad because of the Soviet Katyusha, for example, which thundered the Germans So who is to blame for the death of this girl Soviet soldier your grandfather Stalin Hitler Who am I telling you again  if you want about the cause of the conflict that is happening now in the Donbass about Stalingrad, I ask 10 times in  ace asked a specific question from whom did civilians die in the Donbass, you clean the shells for me, as it were, not the first time Ukrainian because if there is a front, because all Ukrainians who meet there are not exclusively Russia, all Russians say that we are now talking to you when he liberated Stalingrad  and here I don’t understand whether your grandfather fought at all or not, great-grandfather, great-grandfather fought where he fought, I don’t know, unfortunately Well, the Soviet Union probably For example, your grandfather liberated the city  time Yes you can already one more question who is to blame I don’t want to talk about the Great Patriotic War who is interesting I told you I don’t want to talk about the Great Patriotic War in Donetsk Let’s go back who is to blame for the death of people in Donetsk from Russian and Ukrainian shells Who is to blame  I understand that How many people on the stream are watching Give Hello you  they said civilians were dying from Ukrainian shells, finally I heard it was yes Well, of course This is a war and now look now people are dying North Donetsk they were dying in Mariupol because history will show you broke into a foreign country began to kill people created a war and you are to blame and not the one who  defends itself, but look, if Merkel said that we delayed hostilities, then sooner or later they would start again, so you broke into a foreign country in the fourteenth, inevitably you broke into a foreign country in the fourteenth year, and you started the separatists now you have not contacted you broke into a foreign country, let's  as I see it, your country was heterogeneous you are homogeneous in Russia a homogeneous country Russian Chechens Buryats in the park heterogeneity there are no homogeneous countries they are all not of course And what am I talking about your specific example that there is no February, this is your term coined by your propagandists on February 26  you invaded the Crimea, as usual, you voted as a distributor  there were votes there, for example, for pro European politicians because of pro-Russian ones and that Western Ukraine voted for pro European politics, and the southeast voted for Russian politics, so Yanukovych was overthrown according to the laws Not according to the laws, dude with this You figured it out, are you ready to talk already, do you want me, I say I  without sarcasm I want to explain how I see it you say that you can’t talk about the war we have to wait history will show Yanukovych was overthrown, that is, we already figured it out yes we can talk about what exactly Well, you say that Yanukovych was rejected Let’s talk now so that you don’t cut yourself off that it will be necessary to figure it out  sense What I wanted to say you wanted to say that you attacked Ukraine on February 26, 2014 separatists who are these people for you who are these people collaborators yes collaborators of the Russian occupation authorities no laboratory assistants as far as I know when conditionally the state came somewhere and people turned out Who are  that's who you know let's start If you think DNS separatists so Don't  t I don’t ask you someone in Ukraine Let’s analyze the first chapter So who was the first head of the Donetsk People’s Republic can you tell me Zakharchenko No no I don’t honestly have a beard a citizen of Russia before a resident of Moscow now a deputy look there were people who did not agree with the Maidan there were  different people, but for example, on collaborators, for example, there were people who collaborated with Hitler who did not agree with the Soviet authorities were true And that this justifies Hitler's attack, so your Russians fought on the side of Hitler, the army of Vlasov Vlasov in the Russian liberation army was 750 thousand what is what  justifies justifies Hitler's invasion of the Soviet Union I'm not talking about that, I just asked who for you and protests to figure out people before the collaborators who collaborated with the enemy who occupied our lands collaborated because Russia came to seize the territory they cooperate and administrations Let's look it was a different world  outlook What worldview see worldview is different, for example, if a person has a different worldview, for example, if you live with your own worldview Yes, if Hitler comes and seizes part of the territory of Russia and you go to serve Hitler  Hitler, I really think that you are absolutely Nazis So look, it turns out the first head of the so-called Donetsk Republic Yes, bearded from Moscow how did he become how did he get to the Donbass at all what kind of a person from Donbass from Moscow I know about the separatists I ask you what motivated these people who  Let's call these Motorola here's a separatist or not a separatist in the afternoon 2 times Russia was Mikhail kiwi fat Yes he was a criminal Here's the criminals they decided yes there to heat up On this and that's Like a motor Well I think it's called a scam But why if he says something  This is a pyramid, it is shorter in his opinion there t  some kind of such if, for example, go to oncology Yes, well, yes, this is like a year, and if you think Let's return to Donetsk, the dude swam all over, yes, that is, who is to blame for the deaths, this is also How the Russian invasion of Russia angels is Ukrainian children are children citizens of Ukraine  they died they lived normally until russia invaded as soon as russia invaded yes the deaths started now russia started to invade even more more deaths the cause of the deaths is the russian invasion as well as the cause of the death of world war 2 it is the german aggression i.e. if there was fighting in stalingrad  people died before the Germans died too Yes, the countries of the Soviet side his Grandfather Yes, he shot somewhere and sometimes hit someone Yes, it’s not his grandfather’s fault, it’s Hitler’s fault who attacked the Soviet Union And then for some reason he can’t give out it was so funny  In short, I'm just bastard when I drive someone into a driven corner like this, now the cork will pop out there  t
burst fart
o
Subscribe pek
shield shoes viscovo CB